

US
World
Politics
Business
Opinion
Health
Entertainment
Style
Watch
Listen
Live TV

Sign in
Hajj deaths  
Israel-Gaza war  
Manchester airport disruption  
Paul Whelan  
Prince William and Taylor Swift  
Nigel Farage  
Jupiter’s Great Red Spot  
‘Friends’ doughnuts
US couple among hundreds who died during Hajj
Hajj1.jpeg
‘They saved their whole lives for this,’ daughter says, after learning of her parents’ deaths
‘Not enough medics’ to help pilgrims with heat, Hajj witnesses tell CNN as toll mounts
Images show people on the ground during Hajj amid extreme heat 2:29
‘Catastrophic flooding’ in Upper Midwest prompts evacuations as record-breaking heat wave broils the West and mid-Atlantic
‘My body can’t take it’: Brutal nighttime temperatures give Delhi residents little respite from India’s searing heatwave
Devastating floods leave nearly 2 million stranded in Bangladesh
In this photo released by the Taiwan Coast Guard, a Taiwan Coast Guard member monitors a Chinese navy vessel operating near the Pengjia Islet north of Taiwan on Thursday, May 23, 2024.
ANALYSIS
How China could take Taiwan without firing a shot
 42-year-old Elizabeth Wolf accused of attempting to drown 3 yo child.
A woman is accused of attempting to drown a 3-year-old child in possible hate crime incident
 Republican presidential candidate former President Donald Trump speaks at the Road to Majority conference in Washington, Saturday, June 22, 2024.
Trump floats ‘migrant league of fighters’ in latest dehumanizing rhetoric against migrants
CNN Fast




Catch up on today’s global news
Analysis Can Keir Starmer give Britain the change it desperately wants?
Some Jewish Democratic voters feel Biden hasn't done enough in the wake of the Oct. 7 attack by Hamas
Thousands gather in Tel Aviv to mark hostage’s 20th birthday
Israeli military straps injured Palestinian man to hood of jeep
‘We can’t let right-wing, racist, MAGA republicans buy this election:’ A New York race heats up over Israel  4:24
Farage sparks outrage after saying West ‘provoked’ Ukraine war
The environment around Trump has shifted. Here's how a second term would be different from his first
Prince William dances to Taylor Swift’s ‘Shake it off’ at concert with kids  0:55
MORE TOP STORIES
Turkey's goalkeeper Altay Bayındır gestures towards defender Samet Akaydin after an own goal in the team's game against Portugal at Euro 2024.
Bizarre own goal helps Portugal qualify for Euro 2024 knockouts
‘Significant number of flights’ at Manchester Airport disrupted due to power cut
'Our first instinct was to save the girl': A family of taekwondo athletes heard a woman's screams and jumped into action
See Taylor Swift put out a kitchen fire in NYC apartment  0:51
Texas court exonerates man who spent nearly 20 years on death row for 1977 murder
Prince William meets Taylor Swift backstage at her London show
FEATURED
Faye and Tom Bauman are seen on their wedding day in the late 1960s.
The diamond engagement ring gifted to her by the love of her life disappeared from a hospital. She still wants to know why
England players were greeted by portraits of their dogs dressed as royalty.
England players greeted by portraits of pooches dressed as royalty at Euro 2024
 Female and male legs with bikini and swimming trunks on the sand on a sunset background. Concept
New to being a nudist? Here are the mistakes to avoid
 Sha'Carri Richardson reacts after winning the women's 100 meter dash final on Day 2 of the 2024 US Olympic Team Track & Field Trials at Hayward Field in Eugene, Oregon, on Saturday.
Sha'Carri Richardson qualifies for 2024 Paris Olympics
Protesters hold signs during a rally protesting against a death sentence given to Toomaj Salehi, a famous Iranian rapper, after Iranian courts accused him of singing pro-women-led protests in Berlin, Germany, on Sunday, April 28, 2024.
Dissident Iranian rapper Toomaj has death sentence overturned
frying pan0.jpg
‘Fight or flight’: Video shows homeowner chasing off intruder with frying pan  0:51
Paul Whelan, a former US Marine accused of spying and arrested in Russia stands inside a defendants' cage during a hearing at a court in Moscow on August 23, 2019.
CNN Exclusive American Whelan passes 2,000 days in Russian custody, calls for ‘decisive action’ from US
Marcus Aurelius (Marcus Aurelius Antoninus Augustus)(121-180). Roman emperor from 161 to 180. Dynasty Antonine. Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek. Denmark. (Photo by: Prisma/Universal Images Group via Getty Images)
ANALYSIS
This ancient philosopher can help you survive the 2024 US election
Krispy Kreme releases ‘Friends’-themed doughnuts as U.K. exclusives.
Krispy Kreme is rolling out ‘Friends’-themed doughnuts. But you probably can’t get any
 Taylor Swift shared a photo with Prince William, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Travis Kelce, at Swift’s concert in London on June 21.
Taylor Swift used a truly Royal moment to go Instagram official with Travis Kelce
 southwest flight thumb 1.jpg
1:06
Doorbell cam catches Southwest plane flying just 525 feet above Oklahoma neighborhood
 Shoppers walking across the plaza at the Northland Center shopping mall in Southfield, a suburb of Detroit, Michigan, circa 1955.
The sneaky, smart reasons malls have no windows

ESSAY
‘My vision went dark’: CNN reporter experiences 6G-force before hitching a fighter jet ride
 Fossil skull bones of Lokiceratops reconstructed and displayed at the Museum of Evolution in Maribo, Denmark
If Triceratops had a metalhead cousin, this dinosaur would be it
 Jupiter’s Great Red Spot, as seen from a Juno flyby in 2018. The Red Spot we see today is likely not the same one famously observed by Cassini in the 1600s, according to a new Geophysical Research Letters paper. Credit: Enhanced Image by Gerald Eichstadt and Sean Doran 
Astronomers think they know how old Jupiter’s Great Red Spot is and how it formed
still_20732662_100939.695_still.jpg
‘It’s been a tough week,’ Justin Timberlake says to crowd in first concert following his DWI arrest
 Arda Gueler of Turkey is celebrating victory during the UEFA EURO 2024 group stage match between Turkiye and Georgia at Football Stadium Dortmund on June 18, 2024 in Dortmund, Germany. (Photo by Hesham Elsherif/NurPhoto via Getty Images)
‘A great player.’ How a teenager dubbed ‘the Turkish Messi’ lit up Euro 2024
 beluga transport v2.png
0:48
See beluga whales get the zoomies after risky rescue mission
Featured Sections

CNN BUSINESS
An Alaska Airlines airplane takes off at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) in Los Angeles, California, US, on Tuesday, Dec. 5, 2023. Alaska Air Group Inc. agreed to buy rival Hawaiian Holdings Inc. for $1.9 billion in cash and debt.
Alaska Airlines reaches tentative labor deal with flight attendants
Under Armour to pay $434 million to settle lawsuit over sales disclosures
Trump Media shares are in free fall
Analysis Jeff Bezos is under fire at the Washington Post
These employees moved across the country for work, then Disney canceled the project. Now they’re suing.
Toyota is recalling 145,000 big SUVs for an airbag problem
CNN TRAVEL
Wearing a wreath of flowers is part of the Swedish tradition around Midsummer. Except for a few protected species, most wild flowers can be picked as part of Sweden's right of public access. 
Drinking, singing and rolling around naked: How Sweden goes wild for Midsummer
The country where it’s still 2016
The world’s most expensive city for expats revealed
The hidden spaces on planes that are off limits to passengers
How a giant Jesus statue came to dominate the Rio skyline
SPORT
ATLANTA, GEORGIA - JUNE 20: Lionel Messi of Argentina gestures during the CONMEBOL Copa America group A match between Argentina and Canada at Mercedes-Benz Stadium on June 20, 2024 in Atlanta, Georgia. (Photo by Hector Vivas/Getty Images)
Lionel Messi breaks 71-year-old Copa América record as Argentina wins
Reggie Jackson says racism he experienced playing in Birmingham made his return for Negro Leagues tribute ‘not easy’
Chants of ‘Willie! Willie!’ stretched to the heavens at MLB game honoring Negro Leagues and Willie Mays
Edmonton Oilers look to take Florida Panthers to the limit in Game 6 of the Stanley Cup Final
This former soccer prodigy made his debut at 16. 11 years later he was left feeling suicidal
STYLE
MAD MEN, (from left): Aaron Staton (left), Vincent Kartheiser (2nd from right), Alison Brie (right), 'A Little Kiss, Part I', (Season 5, ep. 501, airing March 25, 2012), 2007-. photo: Michael Yarish / Â© AMC / Courtesy: Everett Collection
How a humble Indian fabric became a symbol of luxury in 1960s America
A new documentary explores why the first ‘Black Barbie’ was much more than just a doll
Models walk the runway in Milan in matching prosthetic noses
Team USA unveils its uniforms for upcoming Olympics
OPINION
Nathan Baskind in his Army uniform.
My uncle was tossed in a mass grave beside Nazis. He’ll finally be reburied under a Star of David
Juneteenth, Haiti and the power of reinvention
Putin goes on the defensive
We need a paradigm shift in how we respond to extreme heat
The warning parents need about social media
Don’t focus on bracing for a Trump win
US POLITICS
This photo composite shows former President Donald Trump with, from top left, North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum, Sen. Marco Rubio, Sen. JD Vance, Sen. Tim Scott, Rep. Elise Stefanik, former HUD Secretary Ben Carson, former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, Sen. Tom Cotton and former Rep. Tulsi Gabbard.
These are Trump’s potential picks for vice president
Analysis The surprise election that could be a model for Democrats in 2024
Secret Service announces security perimeter for Republican National Convention
Trump’s conviction spurred massive fundraising surge, new reports show
Biden administration bans Americans from using Russian-made cybersecurity software over national security concerns
SCIENCE AND HEALTH
EASTER ISLAND, CHILE:  Picture of some of the 390 abandoned huge statues (moais in Rapa Nui language), in the hillside of the Rano Raraku volcano in Easter Island, 3700 km off the coast of Chile, 12 February 2005. The Chilean island, located in the Polynesian archipielago, has many archeological sites and its Rapa Nui National Park is included on UNESCO's World Heritage Site list since 1995.   AFP PHOTO/MARTIN BERNETTI  (Photo credit should read MARTIN BERNETTI/AFP via Getty Images)
Satellite imagery may provide a missing puzzle piece in Easter Island saga
Food hoarding is a problem. Here is what you need to know
Social media’s message about the sun and sunscreen: ‘It’s frightening’
How to exercise when it’s too hot outside
Newly discovered 3,300-year-old shipwreck ‘changes the understanding’ of sailing in ancient world
TECH
A view shows the office of TikTok after the U.S. House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed a bill that would give TikTok's Chinese owner ByteDance about six months to divest the U.S. assets of the short-video app or face a ban, in Culver City, California, March 13, 2024.  REUTERS/Mike Blake

TikTok ramps up attacks on Biden administration in challenging prospective ban
Elon Musk is trying to woo advertisers after telling them to ‘go f–k yourself’
How a company whose name you probably can’t pronounce is now worth more than Apple
He tried to oust OpenAI’s CEO. Now, he’s starting a ‘safe’ rival
Photos You Should See

DISCOVERY DUNES STORY CARD.jpg
$50 million plots of land on sale in this ultra-luxury desert community
 Atlantis, The Royal: The Royal Mansion -- an 11,840-square-foot (1,100-square-meter) four-bedroom, split-level suite -- at Atlantis, The Royal, is the most expensive hotel room in Dubai, with price-on-request starting from around $100,000 per night.
GALLERY
Inside one of the world’s most expensive hotel suites
 01a Lantern House Oshinowo
This house is built on some of the most expensive property in Africa. Take a look inside
 The 120-meter-long pool at The Link is the UAE's longest suspended infinity pool.
The world’s longest cantilever building just opened
 michael jordan grove story card
Inside Michael Jordan’s slice of paradise
 05 CUPOTY
Award-winning close-up photos show the hidden wonders of nature
In Case You Missed It

Kateryna Serzhan and her daughter in Kyiv
Daria Tarasova/CNN
Russia’s shifting tactics put unprecedented pressure on Ukraine’s already hobbled power system
Italian soccer great suffers head injuries from armed break-in at his home while watching Euro 2024
Takeaways from US Supreme Court’s decision upholding domestic violence gun ban
Wombat walker wanted: Australia needs help looking after its cutest residents
This all-migrant soccer team is chasing a dream together
The planet is getting hotter fast. This is what happens to your body in extreme heat
Pilots warned smoke could penetrate cabin if Boeing 737 Max planes have a bird strike
Vintage polaroids of female prisoners paint an intimate picture of womanhood and identity
  
World
Africa
Americas
Asia
Australia
China
Europe
India
Middle East
United Kingdom
US Politics
SCOTUS
Congress
Facts First
2024 Elections
Business
Tech
Media
Calculators
Videos
Markets
Pre-markets
After-Hours
Fear & Greed
Investing
Markets Now
Before the Bell
Nightcap
Opinion
Political Op-Eds
Social Commentary
Health
Life, But Better
Fitness
Food
Sleep
Mindfulness
Relationships
Entertainment
Movies
Television
Celebrity
Tech
Innovate
Foreseeable Future
Mission: Ahead
Work Transformed
Innovative Cities
Style
Arts
Design
Fashion
Architecture
Luxury
Beauty
Video
Travel
Destinations
Food & Drink
Stay
News
Videos
Sports
Football
Tennis
Golf
Motorsport
US Sports
Olympics
Climbing
Esports
Hockey
Watch
Live TV
CNN Fast
Shows A-Z
CNN10
CNN Max
CNN TV Schedules
Listen
CNN 5 Things
Chasing Life with Dr. Sanjay Gupta
The Assignment with Audie Cornish
One Thing
Tug of War
CNN Political Briefing
The Axe Files
All There Is with Anderson Cooper
All CNN Audio podcasts
Science
Space
Life
Unearthed
Climate
Solutions
Features
As Equals
Call to Earth
Freedom Project
Impact Your World
Inside Africa
CNN Heroes
Weather
Video
Ukraine-Russia War
Israel-Hamas War
About CNN
Photos
Investigations
CNN Profiles
CNN Leadership
CNN Newsletters
Work for CNN
FOLLOW CNN
 Sign in
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Ad Choices
Accessibility & CC
About
Newsletters
Transcripts
© 2024 Cable News Network. A Warner Bros. Discovery Company. All Rights Reserved.
CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.